He is the real Shushan Sword Emperor
Shushan Arrowhead pays homage to the Shushan Sword Emperor Priest
The devil is holding a big wedding banquet here
He is the husband recruited by the sect master of the Demon Sect
bad force of good and evil
How can the people of Shushan marry the sect master of the Demon Sect as his wife?
Relax Zhao Ruoyan
How dare you disrespect me, the ancestor of Shushan, to see the emperor
How do you prove that he is the Sword Emperor of Shushan?
Only Shushan Sword Emperor
Able to have both the Shushan Sword and the Sword Emperor's banquet at the same time
He was definitely the Sword Emperor of Shushan a thousand years ago
You stinky beggar play tricks
Even if you get lucky and get the treasure
It doesn't have to be.
West Lake Shushan Sword Emperor
Kill Lord Sword Emperor instead?
How to deal with it